[Music]
how smart are you for your age have you
ever wondered how smart you are for your
age bright side will give you a great
chance to find this out here are the
rules you will need to answer 15
questions and you will get 5 points for
each right answer don't forget to count
the points because you will need them to
interpret the results at the end of the
video so let's start one let's start
with something simple what is the
largest country in the world a Canada B
Russia C China
D India and the right answer is Russia
it covers 6.6 million square miles so
much space - what is the closest planet
to the Sun a Mars B Jupiter see Pluto D
mercury of course it's mercury a year on
Mercury is just 88 days by the way
as of 2006 Pluto is not a planet anymore
the definition of the planet was changed
and poor Pluto failed to fit the
description
now how about some history 3 who dies
first a Charles Dickens B Adolf Hitler C
Charles Darwin deep Queen Victoria
Charles Dickens was the first to die
[Music]
number four what's the square root of
169 a 12 b 15 C 13 D 25 well this one is
pretty easy it's 13 fine how many sides
does a cube have a 10 B 6 c 8d depends
on the size of the cube of course it
doesn't depend on the size of the cube
it has 6 sides no matter what 6 why is
the sky blue a because it reflects off
the ocean B because of the North Pole C
because of Earth's atmosphere the right
answer is C the thing is light that
comes from the Sun scatters in the
atmosphere of our planet shorter waves
scatter more that's why all we have left
from the visible light is the blue color
7 what is the capital of Bulgaria a Rome
be Bucharest see Sofia D Bratislava all
right it's Sofia let's go to the next
question 8 what is the largest animal a
bear be the blue whale see tiger d
elephant
[Music]
the largest animal in the world is the
blue whale it can be as big as 140 tons
can you even imagine such a giant thing
by the way you can watch a great video
on our channel about 10 cute animals
that can actually kill you
number 9 who wrote The Catcher in the
Rye
a JD Salinger be am Hemingway c FS
Fitzgerald deejay a Steinbeck this book
was written by JD Salinger everyone
should know this stuff 10 which vitamin
is abundant in citrus fruits a vitamin A
B vitamin B C vitamin C D vitamin D you
know C citrus easy to memorize doctors
say that when you are sick you should
eat oranges because they have a lot of
vitamin C and it helps you to recover
faster 11 who define the law of
gravitation a Newton B Archimedes Z
Galileo DD Einstein the right answer is
Newton you probably know the story about
an apple falling on his head
we're not sure if the story is true but
Newton was definitely the first one who
defined the law of gravitation 12 where
is bullfighting the national game a
Italy beat France see Spain D Poland
bullfighting or carita is the national
game in Spain however as of 2010
bullfighting was banned in Catalonia but
not yet in the rest of Spain
[Music]
thirteen who composed the four seasons a
Mozart B Bach C Beethoven D Vivaldi the
Four Seasons which is a beautiful piece
of music was composed by Antonio Vivaldi
fourteen what is the name of the device
that is used to see objects on the
surface from a submarine a periscope B
telescope C spectroscope deep
kaleidoscope the right answer is
periscope and now for the last question
15 the headquarters of the UNESCO is at
a New York B Paris see Rome D London
this organization is situated in Paris
France now it's time to calculate the
results you get five points for each
right answer now enter your score into
the calculator and divided by your age
but if you are younger than ten divided
by ten and if you are older than 18
divide your score by 18 now when you
have a number at six to it and let's
check what your score means you are
extremely smart you have a great general
knowledge congratulations you are
intelligent enough for your age this is
a good result it means you should read
more books and learn harder to improve
your general knowledge are you satisfied
with your result tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to like this
video and send it to your friends to
compare your results with them and of
course click subscribe to join us on the
bright side of life
[Music]